Align readme to other SDKs and add examples document (#180)
auth0/go-auth0: EXAMPLES.md

    }

    for _, logData := range logs {
        log.Printf("ID %s", logData.GetID())
        log.Printf("Type %s", logData.GetType())

    }

    // The HasNext helper cannot be used with `Log.List` so instead we check the length of the
    // returned logs array. When it reaches 0 there are no more logs left to process.
    if len(logs) == 0 {
        break
    }

    logFromId = logs[len(logs)-1].GetID()
}
```
</details>

## Providing a custom User struct

The `management.User` struct within the SDK only contains the properties supported by Auth0. Therefore, any extra properties added by an external identity provider will not be included within the struct returned from the SDK APIs. To expose these custom properties, we recommend creating a custom struct and then manually calling the API via the lower level request functionality exposed by the SDK, as shown below.

First, define a custom struct that embeds the `management.User` struct exposed by the SDK, and add any helper funcs required to safely access your custom values.

```go
// Define a custom struct that embeds the `management.User` struct exposed by the SDK.
type CustomUser struct {
	management.User

> 	OurCustomId *string `json:"custom_id,omitempty"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	OurCustomID *string `json:"custom_id,omitempty"`
```

# Examples

- [Request Options](#request-options)
- [Pagination](#pagination)
  - [Page based pagination](#page-based-pagination)
  - [Checkpoint pagination](#checkpoint-pagination)
- [Custom User Structs](#providing-a-custom-user-struct)

## Request Options

> Fine-grained configuration can be provided on a per-request basis to enhance the request with specific query params, headers or to pass it a custom context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fine-grained configuration can be provided on a per-request basis to enhance the request with specific query params, headers, or to pass it a custom context.
```

> **Note**
> Not all of the API endpoints support the query parameters added by these funcs.

> > Review the [API docs](https://auth0.com/docs/api/management/v2) to see full documentation for supported parameters by endpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Review the [API docs](https://auth0.com/docs/api/management/v2) for the full documentation of the supported parameters by endpoint.
```

```go
// Example
userGrants, err := auth0API.Grant.List(
    management.Context(ctx),
    management.Header("MySpecialHeader","MySpecialHeaderValue"),
    management.Parameter("user_id", "someUserID"),
    management.Parameter("client", "someClientID"),
    management.Parameter("audience", "someAPIAudience"),
)

// Other helper funcs
management.Query()
management.ExcludeFields()
management.IncludeFields()
management.Page()
management.PerPage()
management.IncludeTotals()
management.Take()
management.From()
```

## Pagination

This SDK supports both offset and checkpoint pagination.

### Page based pagination

When retrieving lists of resources, if no query parameters are set using the `management.PerPage` and `Management.IncludeTotals` helper funcs, then the SDK will default to sending `per_page=50` and `include_totals=true`. 

> **Note**

> > The maximum value of the per_page query parameter is 100.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The maximum value of the `per_page` query parameter is 100.
```

> In order to paginate using the page based pagination, you can follow a pattern like below:
> 
> <details>
>   <summary>Page based pagination</summary>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<details>
  <summary>Page based pagination example</summary>
```

```go
var page int
for {
    clients, err := auth0API.Client.List(
        management.Page(page),
        management.PerPage(100),
    )
    if err != nil {
        return err
    }

    // Accumulate here the results or check for a specific client.

    if !clients.HasNext() {
        break
    }

    page++
}
```
</details>

### Checkpoint pagination

Checkpoint pagination can be used when you wish to retrieve more than 1000 results from certain APIs. The APIs that support checkpoint based pagination are:

* `Log.List` (`/api/v2/logs`)
* `Organization.List` (`/api/v2/organizations`)
* `Organization.Members` (`/api/v2/organizations/{id}/members`)
* `Role.Users` (`/api/v2/roles/{id}/users`)

> In general to use checkpoint based pagination you should follow a pattern like below:
> 
> <details>
>   <summary>Checkpoint pagination</summary>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<details>
  <summary>Checkpoint pagination example</summary>
```

```go
// For the first call, only pass the `take` query parameter, the API will
// then return a `Next` value that can be used for future requests.
orgList, err := auth0API.Organization.List(management.Take(100))
if err != nil {
    log.Fatalf("err: %+v", err)
}

if !orgList.HasNext() {
    // No need to continue we can stop here.
    return
}

for {
    // Pass the `next` and `take` query parameters now so
    // that we can correctly paginate the organizations.
    orgList, err = auth0API.Organization.List(
        management.From(orgList.Next),
        management.Take(100),
    )
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatalf("err :%+v", err)
    }
    
    for _, org := range orgList.Organizations {
        log.Printf("org %s", org.GetID())
    }
    
    // The `HasNext` helper func checks whether
    // the API has informed us that there is
    // more data to retrieve or not.
    if !orgList.HasNext() {
        break
    }
}
```
</details>

> However, for `Log.List`, the `Next` value is not returned via the API but instead is an ID of a log entry and the handling of determining if there are more logs to retrieved must also be done manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, for `Log.List`, the `Next` value is not returned via the API but instead is an ID of a log entry. Determining if there are more logs to retrieved must also be done manually.
```

<details>

>   <summary>Checkpoint pagination for Log.List</summary>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <summary>Checkpoint pagination for <code>Log.List</code></summary>
```

```go
var logs []*management.Log
initialLogId := "LOGID"
for {
    // Retrieve 100 logs after the specified log
    logs, err = auth0API.Log.List(
        management.From(logFromId),
        management.Take(100),
    )

    if err != nil {
        log.Fatalf("err: %+v", err)
    }

    for _, logData := range logs {
        log.Printf("ID %s", logData.GetID())
        log.Printf("Type %s", logData.GetType())

    }

    // The HasNext helper cannot be used with `Log.List` so instead we check the length of the

>     // returned logs array. When it reaches 0 there are no more logs left to process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // returned logs array. When it reaches 0 there are no more logs left to process.
```

    if len(logs) == 0 {
        break
    }

    logFromId = logs[len(logs)-1].GetID()
}
```
</details>

## Providing a custom User struct

> The User struct within the SDK only supports the properties supported by Auth0, therefore any extra properties added by an external Identity provider will not be included within the struct returned from the SDK APIs. In order to expose these custom properties we recommend creating a custom struct and then manually calling the API via the lower level request functionality exposed by the SDK, for example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `management.User` struct within the SDK only contains the properties supported by Auth0. Therefore, any extra properties added by an external identity provider will not be included within the struct returned from the SDK APIs. To expose these custom properties, we recommend creating a custom struct and then manually calling the API via the lower level request functionality exposed by the SDK, as shown below.
```

First, define a custom struct that embeds the `management.User` struct exposed by the SDK, and add any helper funcs required to safely access your custom values.

```go
// Define a custom struct that embeds the `management.User` struct exposed by the SDK.
type CustomUser struct {
	management.User
	OurCustomId *string `json:"custom_id,omitempty"`
}

// Create a helper func that will safely retrieve the `OurCustomId` value from CustomUser in the
// cases where it may be nil.

> func (u *CustomUser) GetOurCustomId() string {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
func (u *CustomUser) GetOurCustomID() string {
```

> 	if u == nil || u.OurCustomId == nil {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	if u == nil || u.OurCustomID == nil {
```

		return ""
	}

> 	return *u.OurCustomId

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	return *u.OurCustomID
```

}
```

> Then, create a request using the lower level request functionality exposed by the SDK as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, create a request using the lower level request functionality exposed by the SDK.
```

```go
var user CustomUser
err := auth0API.Request(http.MethodGet, auth0API.URI("users", "auth0|63cfb8ca89c31c3f33f1dffd"), &user)
if err != nil {
    log.Fatalf("error was %+v", err)
}

> log.Printf("User %s", user.GetOurCustomId())

Reviewer: ```suggestion
log.Printf("User %s", user.GetOurCustomID())
```

# Examples

- [Request Options](#request-options)
- [Pagination](#pagination)
  - [Page based pagination](#page-based-pagination)
  - [Checkpoint pagination](#checkpoint-pagination)
- [Custom User Structs](#providing-a-custom-user-struct)

## Request Options

Fine-grained configuration can be provided on a per-request basis to enhance the request with specific query params, headers or to pass it a custom context.

```go
// Example
userGrants, err := auth0API.Grant.List(
	management.Context(ctx)
	management.Header("MySpecialHeader","MySpecialHeaderValue")

>     management.Parameter("user_id", "someUserID"),

Reviewer 2: When viewed as rendered Markdown (e.g. https://github.com/auth0/go-auth0/blob/24fdede2333c79dca1033c99c63b11b5fbda1972/EXAMPLES.md) the formatting seems to be off for the first two items:

<img width="584" alt="Screenshot 2023-03-14 at 14 01 07" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5055789/225081655-acad035d-ec4e-4e0b-868d-c4991eac07fd.png">

    management.Parameter("client", "someClientID"),
    management.Parameter("audience", "someAPIAudience"),
)

> // Other helper funcs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Other helper funcs
```

Reviewer: Would it make sense to also state that not all the endpoints accept these? And it's best to check against the Auth0 API management docs to see which ones do?

Reviewer 2: Yes, it can lead to a frustrating experience otherwise.

Author: Added a note above this codeblock stating something to this effect

### Page based pagination

When retrieving lists of resources, if no query parameters are set using the `management.PerPage` and `Management.IncludeTotals` helper funcs, then the SDK will default to sending `per_page=50` and `include_totals=true`. 

> **Note**
> The maximum value of the per_page query parameter is 100.

In order to paginate using the page based pagination, you can follow a pattern like below:

```go
var page int
for {
    clients, err := auth0API.Client.List(
        management.Page(page),
        management.PerPage(100),
    )
    if err != nil {
        return err
    }

    // Accumulate here the results or check for a specific client.

    if !clients.HasNext() {
        break
    }

    page++
}
```

### Checkpoint pagination

Checkpoint pagination can be used when you wish to retrieve more than 1000 results from certain APIs. The APIs that support checkpoint based pagination are:

* `Log.List` (`/api/v2/logs`)
* `Organization.List` (`/api/v2/organizations`)
* `Organization.Members` (`/api/v2/organizations/{id}/members`)
* `Role.Users` (`/api/v2/roles/{id}/users`)

In general to use checkpoint based pagination you should follow a pattern like below:

> 

Reviewer 2: Consider putting these boilerplate snippets (which are rather large) inside expandables to keep the overall document short.

Author: Good idea! Will do that

```go
var orgList *management.OrganizationList
for {
    if orgList == nil {
        // For the first call, only pass the `take` query parameter, the API will then return a

>         // `Next` value that can be used for future requests,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // `Next` value that can be used for future requests.
```

Author: Resolved as part of the change to this code (and the others below it)

        orgList, err = auth0API.Organization.List(
            management.Take(100),
        )
    } else {
        // Pass the `next` and `take` query parameters now so that we can correctly paginate the

>         // organizations,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // organizations.
```

        orgList, err = auth0API.Organization.List(
            management.From(orgList.Next),
            management.Take(100),
        )
    }

    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal("err :%w", err)
    }

    for _, org := range orgList.Organizations {
        log.Printf("org %s", org.GetID())
    }

    // The `HasNext` helper func checks whether the API has informed us that there is more data to
    // retrieve or not.
    if !orgList.HasNext() {
        break
    }

> }

Reviewer: Nit-pick alert ⚠️ 

We could reduce cyclo complexity in the example by rewriting this as:

```go
	// For the first call, only pass the `take` query parameter, the API will 
	// then return a `Next` value that can be used for future requests.
	orgList, err := auth0API.Organization.List(management.Take(100))
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatalf("err: %+v", err)
	}
	
	if !orgList.HasNext() {
		// No need to continue we can stop here.
		return
	}
	
	for {
		// Pass the `next` and `take` query parameters now so 
		// that we can correctly paginate the organizations.
		orgList, err = auth0API.Organization.List(
			management.From(orgList.Next),
			management.Take(100),
		)
		if err != nil {
			log.Fatalf("err :%+v", err)
		}
		
		for _, org := range orgList.Organizations {
			log.Printf("org %s", org.GetID())
		}
		
		// The `HasNext` helper func checks whether 
		// the API has informed us that there is 
		// more data to retrieve or not.
		if !orgList.HasNext() {
			break
		}
	}
```

Author: Much nicer! Thanks!

> ```

Reviewer 2: Hopefully we can improve on this in the future, and avoid requiring this boilerplate.

Author: Yeah I'm a big fan of the auto-pagination in [auth0-php](https://github.com/auth0/auth0-PHP/blob/main/UPGRADE.md#auto-pagination-support-available) and would love to explore that in here (and other SDKs)

Reviewer 2: 💯

However, for `Log.List`, the `Next` value is not returned via the API but instead is an ID of a log entry and the handling of determining if there are more logs to retrieved must also be done manually.

```go
var logs []*management.Log
initialLogId := "LOGID"
for {
    // Retrieve 100 logs after the specified log
    logs, err = auth0API.Log.List(
        management.From(logFromId),
        management.Take(100),
    )

    if err != nil {

>         log.Fatal("err :%w", err)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        log.Fatalf("err :%+v", err)
```

    }

    for _, logData := range logs {
        log.Printf("id %s", logData.GetID())
        log.Printf("msg %s", logData.GetType())

    }

    // The HasNext helper cannot be used with `Log.List` so instead we check the length of the

>     // returned logs array. When it reached 0 there are no more logs left to process

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // returned logs array. When it reaches 0, there are no more logs left to process.
```

    if len(logs) == 0 {
        break
    }

    logFromId = logs[len(logs)-1].GetID()
}
```

## Providing a custom User struct

> The User struct within the SDK only supports the properties supported by Auth0, therefore any extra properties added by an external IDP will not be included within the struct returned from the SDK APIs. In order to expose these custom properties we recommend creating a custom struct and then manually calling the API via the lower level request functionality exposed by the SDK, for example:

Reviewer: Maybe worth typing out the full IDP acronym, as not everyone will understand straight away what it stands for, wdyt?

Reviewer 2: Yes, we should avoid using domain-specific jargon in developer-facing docs, except for more advance functionality where it's expected that the reader is familiar with it.

First, define a custom struct that embeds the `management.User` struct exposed by the SDK, and add any helper funcs required to safely access your custom values.

```go
// Define a custom struct that embeds the `management.User` struct exposed by the SDK.
type CustomUser struct {
	management.User
	OurCustomId *string `json:"custom_id,omitempty"`
}

// Create a helper func that will safely retrieve the `OurCustomId` value from CustomUser in the

> // cases where it may be nil

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// cases where it may be nil.
```

func (u *CustomUser) GetOurCustomId() string {
	if u == nil || u.OurCustomId == nil {
		return ""
	}
	return *u.OurCustomId
}
```

Then, create a request using the lower level request functionality exposed by the SDK as follows:

```go
// Instantiate the request
request, err := auth0API.NewRequest(http.MethodGet, auth0API.URI("users", "<userid>"), nil)
if err != nil {

>     log.Fatal("error was %d", err)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    log.Fatalf("error was %+v", err)
```

}

// Perform the request
response, err := auth0API.Do(request)
if err != nil {
    log.Fatal("error was %w", err)
}

defer response.Body.Close()

if response.StatusCode >= http.StatusBadRequest {
    log.Fatalf("Status code was %d", response.StatusCode)
}

// Read in the response body
responseBody, err := io.ReadAll(response.Body)
if err != nil {

>     log.Fatal("error was %w", err)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    log.Fatalf("error was %+v", err)
```

}

// Unmarshal the response body into the CustomUser struct
var user CustomUser
if err = json.Unmarshal(responseBody, &user); err != nil {

>     log.Fatal("error was %w", err)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    log.Fatalf("error was %+v", err)
```
